Document how to add a new browser version to BCD (#20340)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/data-guidelines/browsers.md

   - If you are adding a beta browser release, skip this step

You should only add releases with major and minor semver bump. See [Choosing a version number](./index.md#choosing-a-version-number) for more details.

### Node.js

Node.js follows a different release cycle than most software. Every even-numbered major release (ex. v14, v16, v18) is considered a Long-Term Support version and receives new features and bug fixes even after the next major version is released. For example, Node.js may release v16.10.0, then v17.0.0, and then v16.11.0 to backport a feature that is also introduced in v17.0.0.

The most recent minor release of an LTS release of Node.js should be marked as `status: "esr"` instead of `status: "current"`; only the Node.js version with the highest version number should be marked as `status: "current"`. For example, if Node.js releases v16.10.0, v17.0.0, and v16.11.0 in that order, v17.0.0 should be marked as `status: "current"`, v16.11.0 as `status: "esr"`, and v16.10.0 as `status: "retired"`.

For Node.js, new versions may be added if:

- The Node.js version includes a V8 engine bump
- It is a major semver bump (ex. v19 -> v20)

> - Support has changed for feature tracked in BCD (ex. if Node.js v14.3.0 supports a new JavaScript builtin, but the V8 engine is the same version)

Reviewer: I think I encountered this case with Web APIs a lot.

```suggestion
- Support has changed for feature tracked in BCD (ex. if Node.js v14.3.0 supports a new Web API builtin, but the V8 engine is the same version)
```
